---
layout: post
title: Qamar
---

* Happiness for her is a small truth, it doesn't matter if it's small, what matters is that it's the truth.

* I see her friend of earth, sun loves her and maybe the moon tells her people's secrets, or why does she always look like the sky for me?

* She doesn't like staying still, she loves dancing and moving and sounds and smiles and winter, she needs that energy to sleep in peace

* Generous in her feelings, and in how to get them out, she can't hide a mistake, and if she can't tell it she might let you pressure her to help her get it out, as if the guilt remaining inside without telling kills her.

* Always sees the good in people and believes everybody has good side no matter what so she always says: "She's good. He's good" 

* You can let her understand you fast, and when you start talking about what makes you lower your voice and feel ashamed about of things that hurt you, she will change the atmosphere and makes you feel better and forget.

* How can she forgive all those?!

* She loves Allah which purifies her and makes me believe that Allah loves her for that pureness she has!

* She completes what I'm lacking and missing so she rises them up and we become a complete picture. 

* A child who despise grudge and hatred, she doesn't take revenge and waits for her rewards from God.

* She calls me patient and that she's not, I don't believe her.

* They don't see her true colors well, she's not the shell but she's the pulp inside, she's not her shirt but she's her heart, she's not headphones in her ears but she's the music she listens to.

* It's not biologically correct, but she's my daughter and my mom together.

* Straight forward!!

* Strong and her strength isn't aggressive or tough, it's just the right strength.

* The first person who everyone, every single one, agrees that she has one of a kind beauty!

* How can she be so colorful?!

* Give her a tissue with a childish drawing on it and she will be grateful and keep it!

* This is not an ending point, because she's really like the moon, she will never end!
