---
layout: post
title: My Way
---

I choose to be always youthful, softer, and more gentle.


I choose to be a beautiful tale a grandma tells to her grandchild so he remembers her by, to the man who can tell a story from an old tree, and to have friends of every type, to always carry that charm that can make everything alright, and to be always away from depression and people of depression, all of them.


I choose to be a bandage for a friend, and I hope he knows that my help won't be as good as a real bandage.


I choose to never get bored of colors, and to get rid of routine and be full of dreams, to be satisfied and work hard and make duaa, and to carry responsibilities that don't make me exhausted. To always dance and have a connection with a dog.


I choose to talk to sand and be friend of a weekday and to love a wooden chair and always take a nap on it, and to always keep my newly strong love and respect for tigers.


I choose to be strong, and to not lose my identity, to always keep my opinions and my language and my colors, and to always feel grateful, relaxed and satisfied.


I choose to look at what I achieved and feel it's more than good, and for my success to be calm, strong and unique. To never feel shame or regret. I choose to apologize for a small or a big mistake, and to feel so much and go extreme like I am now, and to allow myself cry and be affected without thinking or holding back.


I choose to want and to reach and to be stronger and to hold tight, and to know myself and them well!
